We'll learn a lot about react and especially after going for VHS.
It can be confusing to stay in this javascript only world and see how reaction works.
That is why we now need to practice it.
You basically got the same task as any future section but now of course you should see all that with
respect.
So I want you to create a div for example with the idea app which is then controlled via react or to
put it in better words where you then output a base component with react.
So we're starting with a component right away.
This app component maybe.
And to give you a hint USD class syntax to iOS 6 syntax of creating to component not the function syntax
because you will need to change something about this component then later.
So that's the first part second part output an array of hobbies and this Def and you should provide
some default hobby's third part add a new hobby button and put field where you can add that new hobby
and make sure that this all works and that you can add new hobbies with the input button.
You'll learn all the tools how to set up your own two way binding would react and how to output an array
with this map method.
And these things to remember forth part then is to make the hobby's clickable and remove them from the
list once you collect them at a hobby delete that paragraph thereafter which is only shown if you delete
the hobby.
And again keep in mind you can delete hobbies by basically adding on click listener executing method
which then changes your state and your hobbies array in that state to give you a hint.
D6 part is to add a hobby counter.
So basically a paragraph or above the list of hobbies which says hobby is coal and then well the number
of elements in the array Basically I want you to dynamically style or and add classes to the hobby counter
depending on whether you have three or more hobbies.
So change the style in which every way you want and use either style or to class name property or both
however you want.
And then as a last step outsource to individual hobby element into component and here's the extra task
make this a dumb component.
So a component which only takes prompts to function form makes sure that you also create this connection
to pass the click event to the parent component and execute a method there.
You'll learn this in the last Electress too.
So certainly challenging but doable only things you learned now in the solution you will see my solution
and how you may go about solving this.